README.md, before:

# Automatic Video Captioning 

## Overview

The video captioning task for machine learning models entails the generation of textual descriptions for a given video. 
Some simpler models have been executed as experiments, with and without adversarial examples, to better understand the pros and cons of existing video captioning models.

Here, notebooks to run the CNN-LSTM and evaluation metrics are included. The LLaVA model was tested directly through its published UI. 

## Notebooks

### Notebook 1: Metrics.ipynb

Description:
- Metrics jupyter notebook shows calculations of metrics for BLEU, ROUGE-L, and METEOR scores for all of the experiments (CNN, CNN-Adversarial, LLaVA, LLaVA-Adversarial).
- Data folder is referenced

### Notebook 2: Notebook_Name_2.ipynb

Description:
- Enter stuff for running CNN here pls !

## Data

The `data` folder contains relevant resulting captions used in the notebooks. We based our data on the MSVD testing dataset. There is the base training data, results from training the CNN-LSTM("greedy") and 
LLaVA models with and without adversarial examples. 


## Usage

- Can run jupyter notebooks with data provided here

## Team

- Arian Alam, Teresa Thomas, Patrick Warner, Pranav Prabhu

Commit message:

Added Keras-based CNN-LSTM code and updated README

README.md, after:

# Automatic Video Captioning 

## Overview

The video captioning task for machine learning models entails the generation of textual descriptions for a given video. 
Some simpler models have been executed as experiments, with and without adversarial examples, to better understand the pros and cons of existing video captioning models.

Here, notebooks to run the CNN-LSTM and evaluation metrics are included. The LLaVA model was tested directly through its published UI. 

## Notebooks

### Notebook 1: Metrics.ipynb

Description:
- Metrics jupyter notebook shows calculations of metrics for BLEU, ROUGE-L, and METEOR scores for all of the experiments (CNN, CNN-Adversarial, LLaVA, LLaVA-Adversarial).
- Data folder is referenced

### Notebook 2: Keras_MSVD.ipynb

Description:
- This Jupyter Notebook contains the code for running a pre-trained CNN-LSTM model for video captioning.
- KerasModel folder is referenced

## Data

The `data` folder contains relevant resulting captions used in the notebooks. We based our data on the MSVD testing dataset. There is the base training data, results from training the CNN-LSTM("greedy") and 
LLaVA models with and without adversarial examples. 
The 'KerasModel' folder contains all relevant information for running the CNN-LSTM included in the notebooks. This folder includes the videos for the testing dataset, a set of already extracted features for said videos, and another copy of both using adversarial data.


## Usage

- Can run jupyter notebooks with data provided
- Keras_MSVD.ipynb was designed to be used in Google Colab, but contains information on adjusting the notebook to run locally. This notebook references the KerasModel folder. To use the notebook as is, place this folder in extracted form at the highest level of your Google Drive directory. Afterwards, just follow the instructions in the notebook to generate your captions!

## Team

- Arian Alam, Teresa Thomas, Patrick Warner, Pranav Prabhu
